Thank you very much.
Helped me with my wife's illness
I, Li Yi, keep it in mind
Li Yi makes friends
I have to thank you
Thank you for reminding my father
Now my father's medical report is out
Grandpa Huang found out what's wrong
early cirrhosis
Thanks to the timely discovery
Go further.
That's liver cancer
You saved the lives of three generations of our royal family
Too bad you are married
Otherwise, I will promise you
Oh, Miss Huang can really joke.
Li Xiaoyong
I heard Xiao Yang say that you sold a piece of land
When are you ready to start?
I heard that Qujiang has already started to succeed
Right
The chamber of commerce conference in Jiangcheng will be held soon
Wait until the meeting is over
Chairperson Huang was re-elected
This can be put on the agenda
All right.
I wish us a happy cooperation in advance.
come
Come come
This bunch of trash
When the conference is over today
I see you can still laugh
Hold your breath
Today is the beginning of their royal decline